Okay, you are Tan Duc Vuong.
Dare to rob people in front of me.
Zhang Yilong came to my hospital.
I will treat you best.
Thanks Jiro.
Just now I plan to rebuild the red Chinese medicine room.
Maybe there is no energy to worry so much.
No problem. Come here for advice.
Optional conditions.
Hey, what's wrong, old man?
Who let you not know how to improvise?
You still have a point.
When we discuss
You didn't say that.
You always argue with me.
Does the fight make any sense?
You are the one who dug the wall first.
Xuan Xuan, Tan Lao and who?
The two of them are like that, no need to care about them.
So it seems their relationship is very good.
Our feelings are not normal either.
OH.
Why is this an unusual law?
That's unusual.